<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t-vanilla">
    <title>How to Make Rich Vanilla Bean Ice Cream</title>
    <shortdesc>Like the classics? This recipe is sweet and simple.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>What you will need:</p>
        <ul>
            <li>2 1/3 Cups of whole  milk</li>
            <li>2 ½ Cups of heavy cream</li>
            <li>1 ¼ Cups of divided granulated sugar</li>
            <li>Pinch of kosher salt</li>
            <li>1	Whole vanilla bean, halved and seeds scraped</li>
            <li>7 Large egg yolk</li>
        </ul>
            <note id="use">Place freezer bowl in freezer at least 24 hours before intended use.</note>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <stepsection>
                <p><b>This recipe will make about 6 cups (12 ½ cup servings).</b></p>
            </stepsection>
            <step>
                <cmd><b>Heat</b>the milk, cream, half of the sugar, salt, and the scraped vanilla bean (pod included) in a medium saucepan on medium-low heat.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd><b>Whisk</b>to combine the ingredients and bring mixture just to a boil.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd><b>Combine</b>the egg yolks and sugar in a separate medium bowl while the mixture is heating. Using a hand mixture (on low) or whisk, <b>beat</b>the eggs and sugar until it is pale and thick.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd><b>Whisk</b>1/3 of hot mixture into the yolk and sugar mix once it has come to a boil. <b>Add</b>another 1/3 and place in saucepan. <b>Stir</b>mixture constantly (with a wooden spoon) on low heat. Once it thickens slightly, turn off heat.</cmd>
                    <info>
                        <note type="note">Mixture should not come to a complete boil.</note>
                    </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd><b>Cover</b>and <b>refrigerate</b>for at least 2 hours/overnight, once the base mixture has returned to room temperature.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd><b>Pour</b>mixture through strainer and discard vanilla pod before <b>churning</b>.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps> 
    </taskbody>
</task>
